This blocks makes required HTML tags ##<html>##, ##<head>## and ##<body>##.
It is charged with linking CSS and JS files to a page, creating meta tags,
head node and so on.

Block's ##bemjson## input data starts with block declaration including
title value which is a content of ##<title>## HTML tag.

%%hl js
({
	block : 'b-page',
	title : 'Page with link',
	...
})
%%

##head## element which corresponds to ##<head>## HTML tag may be extended with
##head## property containing elements for CSS and JS files to be linked to a page.

%%hl js
({
	...
	head : [
		{ elem : 'css', url : 'example.css', ie : false },
		{ elem : 'css', url : 'example.ie.css', ie : 'lt IE 8' },
		{ elem : 'js', url : 'example.js' }
	],
	...
})
%%

##css## element turns into ##<link>## HTML tag that links a CSS file stated as a value of
##url## property of the element.\\
This element may also have ##ie## property. If its value is ##false##, page has ##conditional
comments## preventing usage of this CSS in IE. If its value is a string, ##<link>## tag is
wrapped in a proper ##conditional comment## so that its CSS file is loaded in stated browsers
only.\\
It is also possibly to set ##content## property for a content of ##<style>## tag:

%%hl js
({
	...
	head : [
		{
			elem : 'css',
			content : '.b-blah { color: #f00' }
		},
		...
	],
	...
})
%%

##js## element is similar and links to a page JS files by ##<script>## tag.

##head## property does not describe the whocle content of ##<head>## tag but
extends its default value specified in its bemhtml template.

 * ##<meta>## tag with charset

%%hl js
content: [
	{
		tag : 'meta',
		attrs : { 'http-equiv' : 'content-type', content : 'text/html; charset=utf-8' }
	},
	...
%%

 * ##<meta>## tag for using IE9 (and later) with compatibility mode
%%hl js
content : [
	...
	{
		tag : 'meta',
		attrs : { 'http-equiv' : 'X-UA-Compatible', content : 'IE=EmulateIE7, IE=edge' }
	},
	...
%%

 * setting a content for ##<title>## tag from a property

%%hl js
content : [
	...
	{
		tag : 'title',
		content : this.ctx.title
	},
	...
%%

 * setting a favicon

%%hl js
content : [
	...
	this.ctx.favicon ? {
		elem : 'favicon',
		url : this.ctx.favicon
	} : '',
	...
%%

 * decalration of ##i-ua## block

%%hl js
content : [
	...
	{
		block : 'i-ua'
	},
	...
%%

Similarly to ##head## property there may be set ##meta## property contained
one or more ##meta## elements:

%%hl js
({
	...
	meta : {
		elem : 'meta',
		attrs : {
			name : 'keywords',
			content : 'js, css, html'
		}
	},
	...
})
%%

%%hl js
({
	...
	meta : [
		{
			elem : 'meta',
			attrs : {
				name : 'keywords',
				content : 'js, css, html'
			}
		},
		{
			elem : 'meta',
			attrs : {
				name : 'description',
				content : 'Yet another webdev blog'
			}
		}
	]
	...
})
%%

A value of ##content## property of ##b-page## block may be a hash describing
page content of the only block or an array of block hashes:

%%hl js
({
	...
	content : [
		{
		block : 'b-link',
		mods : { pseudo : 'yes', togcolor : 'yes', color: 'green' },
		url : '#',
		target : '_blank',
		title : 'Кликни меня',
		content : 'Псевдоссылка, меняющая цвет по клику'
		}
	]
})
%%

Block describing in ##content## property are turned into HTML
with their bemhtml templates.
